What differences and similarites have you noticed? Provide at least 3 and explain in complete sentence
Im pretty sure that "c" is much older than java but there are many similarites and not many diffrences.
What code adaptations have you made? [Or will you make if none to date. Note: 'none' is not a valid answer]
One perfect example is on many of the circutes example we speed up and slow down the spped in which the LED's blinked.
What is required for a circuit?
The things that is required for a circuit are power and ground.
How are programs compiled with Arduino?
 
Describe the projects you have completed this/last week and what you have learned from them. Descriptions should be _at least_ one full paragraph in length.
-Circuit 1- This one just set up a single LED, so it wasn't very hard and helped us begin to understand the different parts, i.e. resistors and wires. This was the introductrion to
arduino and showed us the basics we neede to create somet9ing.
-Circuit 2- This introduced the potentiometer, which was just a dial that changed how much energy the LED recieved. It used the same resistors, wires, etc.. we ended up using this 
for are project. 
-Circuit 3- This used the three-color LED. the wiring wasn't too hard, but the code did a lot of work and changed the color of the LED.It seem complex at first but one you sat done
and tried to understan what it was doing it was a peace of cake. 
-Circuit 4- The code here 'introduced' us to for loops and arrays, which we already knew a lot about from previous projects we have done in class.The program had a pretty cool result
but was kinda repetitive to set up but at the end it was pretty cool.
-Circuit 5- The buttons would be useful for the future project, but the circuit wasn't too hard. the code had input reading. 
You will be completing your own project - a project of your own design that accepts user input and provides light and sound in some way.
Describe your project and the code adaptations you will have to make. [Note - 'none' is not a valid answer. For example, there is a 'Simon' game provided - using that code would earn a '0' because it is 0% your code.]
 My parner and i are going to creat a digitial clock. We want to be able to set an alarm time and when the time hit the alarm time we want it to go off. To do this we need to use
wires,LCD dispay, buttons,potentiameters,and a buzzer.
